Drop building in migrations (#916)
software-mansion/protostar: website/docs/tutorials/06-deploying/02-migrations/declare.md

Sends a declare transaction.

> - `contract` — A path to the **compiled** contract or a [contract name](../../compiling#contract-name). If you provide a contract name, protostar will look for it in the default build output directory (`build` in the project root).

Reviewer: [Documentation]
```suggestion
- `contract` — A path to the **compiled** contract or a [contract name](../../compiling#contract-name). If you provide a contract name, Protostar will look for it in the [compiled-contracts-dir](LINK-TO-CLI-DOCS).
```

Author: done

> - `contract` — A path to the **compiled** contract or a [contract name](../../compiling#contract-name). If you provide a contract name, protostar will look for it in the [compiled-contracts-dir](../../../cli-reference.md#--compiled-contracts-dir-pathbuild).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `contract` — A path to the **compiled** contract or a [contract name](../../compiling#contract-name). If you provide a contract name, Protostar will look for it in the [compiled-contracts-dir](../../../cli-reference.md#--compiled-contracts-dir-pathbuild).
```
[Consistency]
